Recorded applications 
 
osted, Climate Change Software Engineer
 /// Job Information Job Requisition ID: 61092 Ministry: Environment and Protected Areas Location: Edmonton Full or Part-Time: Full Time Hours of Work: 36.25 hours per week Permanent/Temporary: Temporary (18 months) Scope: Open Competition Closing Date: August 12, 2024 Classification: Engineering and Related Level 2 (522ERA) Salary: $3,183.15 to $4,407.30 bi-weekly ($83,080 - $115,030/year) We support Albertans in being proud stewards of air, land, water, and biodiversity by leading the work required for the desired environmental outcomes and sustainable development of natural resources. We support environmental conservation and protection, sustainable economic prosperity and quality of life. Role Responsibilities Reporting to the Director of Climate Change Compliance within the Climate Regulation and Carbon Markets Branch of the Policy Division of Environment and Protected Areas, the selected candidate will develop software systems and automation processes to assess data and information submitted by regulated facilities under the TIER Regulation. The candidate will fulfill a critical role by building robust tools supporting the team implementing the TIER Regulation and ensure regulated facilities are in compliance with the regulation. The Climate Change Software Engineer will work jointly with Data Systems Specialists and other Climate Change Engineers to gather data, requirements, document, communicate, train, and assist team members with various projects to implement the TIER Regulation. With the significant increase in the number of regulated facilities, the candidate must be effective at prioritizing workload, bring ingenuity and a passion for data wrangling, balancing competing priorities, and be skilled at problem solving. To capture and translate technical requirements in the regulation and from team members, the candidate will rely on their strong engineering skills to deliver reliable and innovative solutions. Please APS Competencies Competencies are behaviors that are essential to reach our goals in serving Albertans. We encourage you to have an in depth understanding of the competencies that are required for this opportunity and to be prepared to demonstrate them during the recruitment process. This link will assist you with understanding competencies: How Competencies will apply to this role: Systems Thinking: Working as part of a larger team, you will understand how your individual input impacts the implementation of the regulatory system. You will consider inter-relationships, assess information and data, and evaluate options and implications as it relates to the larger system. Creative Problem Solving: To assess options and implications in new ways so as to inform decision making in order to achieve outcomes and solutions. Agility: The ability to anticipate, assess and readily adapt to changing priorities, maintain resilience in times of uncertainty, and effectively work in a changing environment. Develop Networks: To establish and maintain key linkages with subject matter experts within the team, across the Government of Alberta, as well as external organizations. Drive for Results: Knowing what outcomes are important and maximizing resources to achieve results that are aligned with the goals of the organization, while maintaining accountability to each other and external stakeholders. Qualifications Required: University graduate with a bachelor’s degree in software or computer engineering. Minimum of five years related work experience. Must be a member or eligible for membership (Professional Engineer) with the Association of Professional Engineers, Geologists and Geophysicists of Alberta (APEGA). This includes candidates who are Engineers-in-Training (EIT) registered with APEGA. Equivalencies considered: Additional related education considered in lieu of experience on a one-for-one basis. Assets: Experience with web technologies; primarily HTML5, HTMX, JavaScript, JSON, CSS, Bootstrap. Strong understanding of Python. Experience with attendant data analysis tools e.g. Pandas, Jupyter Notebooks. Proven experience with relational and NoSQL databases e.g. MS SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB. Knowledge or understanding of writing unit and integration tests. Familiarity with Git version control system. Understanding of GIS/MAP tools and APIs. Understanding of regulatory systems such as Technology Innovation and Emissions Reduction Regulation (TIER). Strong verbal and written communication skills such as presentation and technical report writing skills. Ability to work well independently and in a team setting environment on a variety of project types. Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities and be flexible when priorities change. Self starter with strong problem solving skills and ability to adapt and learn new skill sets. The goal of this recruitment is to fill this position at Engineering & Related Level 2. However, candidates with lesser qualifications may be considered at a lower classification and salary. Minimum recruitment standards outline the minimum education and experience required for appointment to a job classification. Refer to Notes This competition is for 1 full-time temporary position located in Edmonton. Monday – Friday, 7.25 hours per day / 36.25 hours per week. Any costs associated with obtaining required documents/checks as noted or interview travel expenses, will be the responsibility of the candidate. Out-of-province applicants can obtain the required documents/checks from the province they currently reside in. Instructions for your Resume: For Employment Experience: Please indicate duration of employment (month, year) Please specify employment status (i.e. casual, part-time or full-time) Ex: Youth Worker, Jan 2006 - June 2009, Part-time (three, 8 hour shifts/week) For any Post-Secondary Education: Please specify your major and length of program Please specify the year you graduated Ex: Bachelor of Social Work, 4-year Degree (Graduated 2017) Links and information on what the GoA has to offer to prospective employees. Working for the Alberta Public Service – Public Service Pension Plan (PSPP) – Alberta Public Service Benefit Information – Professional learning and development - Research Alberta Public Service Careers tool - Positive workplace culture and work-life balance. Opportunity to participate in flexible work arrangements such as working from home up to two days per week and modified work schedule agreements. Leadership and mentorship programs. How To Apply Applicants are advised to provide information that clearly and concisely demonstrates how their qualifications meet the advertised requirements, including education, experience, and relevant examples of required competencies. It is recommended that applicants include the assessment certificate from IQAS or any other educational assessment service as part of their application. Closing Statement This competition may be used to fill future vacancies, across the Government of Alberta, at the same or lower classification level. We thank all applicants for their interest. All applications will be reviewed to determine which candidates' qualifications most closely match the advertised requirements. Only individuals selected for interviews will be contacted. If you require any further information on this job posting or require an accommodation during the recruitment process, please contact Jane McEwen, TAS Administrator via email at Jane.Mcewen@gov.ab.ca.

Diversified Staffing Services, Posted 2 days ago, Senior Manager, Software Development
 /// Join a growing organization! Purposeful Organization! Innovative, Creative Team! Dynamic, Interesting Work! Diversified Staffing Services, a leading Staffing Agency in Alberta, is currently seeking a Senior Manager for a Software Development team. Our client, located in SE Calgary, is a leader in Emergency Response Planning. The Role: Leading and Managing the Software Development Department Overseeing all aspects of the Software Development Lifecycle and implementing Strategies for Continuous Growth Ensuring all Projects are of the Highest Quality, including Performance and Security Liaising with other Departments to drive Innovation If you have a proven background in Leading Software Development Teams, this could be the ideal position for you! In addition to a competitive salary, full benefits are offered. Salary range – $135k – $165k based on experience. To be considered for this role, you will have: A minimum 5 years’ experience in senior leadership of a Software Development team A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering A background that includes serving the Oil & Gas industry Full knowledge of GIS data, ESRI platforms, cloud-based solutions and agile methodologies A passion for innovation, problem-solving and challenge Outstanding Communication and Interpersonal Skills The ability to pass a Criminal Background Check Our team of recruiters would like to thank all candidates for applying, and will contact those potentially suitable for the position. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $135,000.00-$165,000.00 per year Work Location: In person

Anetac, Inc., Posted 9 days ago, Front-end Engineer (Remote)
 /// Job Title: Front-End Engineer Location: Los Altos, California or Canada (Remote) Department: Engineering Reports To: Head of Engineering For Los Altos, California candidates the base salary range for this role is USD$ 140,000 per year - USD $230,000 per year. About Anetac: Antetac is founded on a mission to dynamically link data patterns, accounts, and identities. At Anetac, our roots in cybersecurity run deep, We leverage decades of cybersecurity experience to serve organizations of all types and sizes. Prior to establishing Anetac, our founding team conducted in-depth interviews with over 35 security executives around the globe to understand issues related to service accounts. With a customer-centric approach and mindfulness to the dynamic environments facing security teams today, we have developed a world-class identity management platform that provides streaming discovery and management of the dynamic service account landscape every organization encounters today. Our knowledge, passion for security and commitment to continuous improvement are aimed at transforming how service accounts are managed and secured. Anatec is a series A funding company totaling $16 million which will bring necessary disruption to the identity and security market by providing an intuitive, rapidly deployable SaaS solution. The streaming solution offers real-time visibility, enabling users to discover, monitor and respond to the large threat surface exploited via service accounts. These threats include but are not limited to large standing privileges, shared use, lack of credential rotation and dormancy of an account. Job Summary: We are looking for Front-End Engineers to join our team. We are a cutting-edge cybersecurity company on a mission to revolutionize the way identity is used in security. Our founding team has more experience in customer-centric enterprise security, and innovative engineering than any competitor out there. Funded by top-tier VCs, we are seeking engineering talent to join our team. As a Front-End Engineer, you will be responsible for architecting, developing, and deploying frontend user interfaces with lightning-speed APIs to visualize large-scale data for our complex security cloud application. You must be curious about current technologies, fearless in experimenting with them, and a quick learner who moves fast and fails faster. Key Responsibilities: Own your code and contribute to the end-to-end architecture. Design and develop highly scalable APIs between our frontend and backend components. Design and develop high-performance queries to support front-end rendering. Design and implement different UI components for our front end. Collaborate with customers, product, and design teams. Work as part of a cross-functional team alongside product + design to build world-class user experiences. Lead, learn and make everyone around you better. Qualifications: Minimum of 5 years of experience in front-end development, with a focus on HighCharts or Data Visualization. Extensive experience with front-end technologies, specifically React, TypeScript and JavaScript. Experience in developing and consuming GraphQL. Fluency in graph-based data visualization tools like Cytoscape, charts.js and D3.js. Solid understanding of single-page application architecture and microservices. Deep understanding of 3-factor app architecture pattern. Strong knowledge of responsive design and cross-browser compatibility. Experience with databases and an understanding of asynchronous programming. Benefits: Competitive salary. Company equity. Medical, dental, vision and stock options. Generous time off. Company meals every Wednesday. Virtual weekly happy hours. Monthly Health & Wellness Program stipend. Commuter travel program. Company events. Professional Self Development stipend annually to grow your knowledge. Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital/domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on “protected categories,” we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at Anetac. We value a diverse workforce – people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA+, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination. If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.

University of Alberta, Posted 2 days ago, Software Engineer
 /// Department Faculty of Science - Computing Science Salary range $59,224.40 to $80,437.45 Hours per week 40 Grade 8 Posted date July 22, 2024 Closing date July 29, 2024 Position Type Full Time - Trust Funded Description This competition is restricted to internal applicants of the University of Alberta. Please log in to verify your internal candidate status. This position is a part of the Non-Academic Staff Association (NASA). This position has a term length of one year plus a day and offers a comprehensive benefits package which can be viewed on our Benefits Overview page. Location - Work primarily takes place at North Campus, Edmonton. This role is hybrid with a mix of remote and in-person. Working at the University of Alberta The University of Alberta acknowledges that we are located on Treaty 6 territory, and respects the histories, languages and cultures of First Nations, Métis, Inuit and all FirstPeoples of Canada, whose presence continues to enrich our vibrant community. The University of Alberta is a community of knowledge seekers, change makers and world shapers who lead with purpose each and every day. We are home to over 14,000 faculty and staff, more than 40,000 students and a growing community of 300,000 alumni worldwide. Your work will have a meaningful influence on a fascinating cross-section of people — from our students and community members, to our renowned researchers and innovators, making discoveries and generating solutions that make the world healthier, safer, stronger and more just. Learn more. Working for the Department Founded in 1964, the Department of Computing Science at the University of Alberta is the oldest and one of the largest computing science departments in Canada. We have an international reputation for contributions in the many fields of computing, both in foundations and applications. Position The ideal candidate will be responsible for the development of the Alberta AVOID-Frailty platform, the key deliverable of Dr. Stroulia’s LevMax-funded project, entitled “AVOID: An Alberta-centred Community-Tailored Implementation of the AVOID Real-world interventions for Older Adults”, RES0064308. AVOID (Activity and exercise, Vaccinations, Optimization of medications, Social Interaction, and Diet & nutrition) is a frailty prevention intervention designed by the Canadian Frailty Network (CFN, https://www.cfn-nce.ca/) and implemented on a software platform by Dr. Stroulia’s team. The AVOID platform educates older adults and guides them to take advantage of services in their community and adopt behavior changes that can help them live healthier longer. Duties The ideal candidate will be responsible for: Choosing the right technology Developing the software necessary to accomplish each task Evaluate it through thorough testing Communicate and validate it in collaboration with our external partners, i.e., advisory committee and organizations serving seniors. Qualifications BSc in Computer Science Documented coursework in Software Engineering, Machine learning, Algorithms & data structures, AI, Web Development Hands-on experience with as many of the following software tools and libraries as possible: D3JS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, Webpack, Generative AI tools, Unreal, Unity, C#, Python, PyTorch, Pandas, NumPy, TensorFlow, React, TypeScript, MaterialUI, Redux, Django, Heroku, Ruby on Rails. Must have experience with testing environments Must have experience with auxiliary development tools such as modern IDEs, code repositories, collaborative software development tools, and the Unix command line At the University of Alberta, we are committed to creating an inclusive and accessible hiring process for all candidates. If you require accommodations to participate in the interview process, please let us know at the time of booking your interview and we will make every effort to accommodate your needs. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. Note: This opportunity will be available until midnight July 29, 2024, Edmonton, Alberta local time.

Potentius Corp., Posted 3 days ago, artificial intelligence (ai) software engineer
 /// Education: Bachelor's degree Experience: 3 years to less than 5 years or equivalent experience Tasks Collect and document user's requirements Coordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Define system functionality Develop process and network models to optimize architecture Develop software solutions by studying systems flow, data usage and work processes Evaluate the performance and reliability of system designs Execute full lifecycle software development Prepare plan to maintain software Research technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) Develop business applications Computer and technology knowledge Android Business intelligence Development and operations (DevOps) Internet of things (IoT) Machine Learning iOS Java C# Database software Software development Amazon Web Services (AWS) Angular.js React.js Android Studio Python TypeScript Screening questions Are you currently legally able to work in Canada? Do you currently reside in proximity to the advertised location? Health benefits Dental plan Health care plan Financial benefits Group insurance benefits Work Term: Permanent Work Language: English Hours: 40 hours per week

Jerry, Posted 20 days ago, New Graduate Software Engineer (Toronto)
 /// We'd love to hear from you if you like: Making a big impact on Day One with a Forbes Top Startup Employer Working at a startup that has traction ($240M in funding, 40X revenue growth in 4 years) Working with a newer tech stack and building products that have a real impact (Jerry saves the average person $1K a year) Mentorship from talented engineering leaders and peers who have built and scaled companies like Nvidia, Kuaishou, Cepton, and Tiktok Meritocracy: we promote based on performance, not tenure About the opportunity: Jerry is building the first AI-powered AllCar app to redefine car ownership. The average American spends over 20% of their annual income on their vehicle, yet every part of owning and managing a car is painful – lack of transparency, poor service, high costs, etc. We are simplifying and automating every step of car ownership, all streamlined on our mobile app. We started with insurance shopping in 2019, since then we’ve launched loan refinancing, real-time driving insights, car diagnostics, a repair marketplace, and a GPT-4 chatbot. Our engineering team isn’t just focused on making something that works, we want to make something that works exceptionally well . If you want to contribute to something that matters and is actively making car ownership easier, simpler, and more accessible for 5M+ people, join us! We are looking for new graduates in the Toronto area to join our engineering team! We are in growth mode and have aggressive goals to scale our technology and our business in the next few years as we go from 5M to 50M users. We don't require any specific work experience but we are looking for the following characteristics: passion for learning, hustle, and ownership. The pace of learning at a startup like Jerry is unbeatable. You can expect your scope of responsibilities to grow quickly if you excel in your role and demonstrate a willingness to keep learning and growing. If you’re looking for an opportunity to accelerate your career, we are hiring across multiple engineering teams! Our tech stack: Hosting infra: AWS React for web frontend NodeJS + Typescript for backend development React (mobile app is written in React Native) Redis, Postgres, DynamoDB for backend storage Python for data pipeline and ML Clickhouse for data warehouse Python + Go for infrastructure as code and continuous integration What we are looking for: Bachelor's degree in computer science or engineering Any internship, co-op, or summer work experience is an asset Jerry is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We prohibit discrimination based on race, religion, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy, reproductive health decisions or related medical conditions, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other characteristics protected by applicable local, state or federal laws. Jerry is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities in our job application process. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at recruiting@getjerry.com About Jerry: Jerry is America’s first and only AllCar app. We are redefining and radically improving how people manage owning a car, one of their most expensive and time-consuming assets. Backed by artificial intelligence and machine learning, Jerry simplifies and automates owning and maintaining a car while providing personalized services for all car owners' needs. We spend every day innovating and improving our AI-powered app to provide the best possible experience for our customers. From car insurance and financing to maintenance and safety, Jerry does it all. We are the #1 rated and most downloaded app in our category with a 4.7 star rating in the App Store. We have more than 6 million customers — and we’re just getting started. Jerry was founded in 2017 by serial entrepreneurs and has raised more than $242 million in financing. Join our team and work with passionate, curious and egoless people who love solving real-world problems. Help us build a revolutionary product that’s disrupting a massive market.

Roha Tech Corp., Posted 2 days ago, software engineer
 /// Education: Bachelor's degree Experience: 1 year to less than 2 years Tasks Collect and document user's requirements Develop software solutions by studying systems flow, data usage and work processes Research technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Upgrade and maintain software Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Execute and document results of software application tests and information and telecommunication systems tests Security and safety Criminal record check Personal suitability Team player Work Term: Permanent Work Language: English Hours: 30 hours per week

Black Diamond Group, Posted 1 day ago, Backend Software Engineer
 /// LodgeLink is inviting Backend Software Engineers in Calgary to join our Ecosystem Squad to be part of the creation of the future of workforce travel. We are looking for talented individuals with a passion for coding, who enjoy learning about the latest technologies, strong problem-solving skills, and a user-focused approach. As a team member, you will join an agile, audacious, inventive, collaborative, and dependable (our core values) team with a bold and opinionated vision of how we use technology to solve business problems. You will be continuously learning and building your skillset. We emphasized developing our team members to build them into well-rounded professionals. You will be part of a cross-functional team that is responsible for the full software development life cycle, from conception to deployment. As a Software Engineer, you should be comfortable around both front-end and back-end coding languages, infrastructure as code, development frameworks, third-party libraries, and Agile methodologies. The Ecosystem Squad helps to build and support all the external connections with our partners, core and key to LodgeLink’s platform. We excel at understanding LodgeLink's unique business problems and translating stakeholder requirements into custom React, Node, GraphQL, REST and TypeScript based tools. This role is located in Calgary, AB, and is in-office with 20% flexibility to work from home. Duties and Responsibilities Develop web applications in a full-stack environment with React and Node, and GraphQL and REST APIs technologies. Have a backend focus and master one or more backend languages, for scale and re-use of components in an Event Driven and Service Oriented architecture. Take ownership of new features and leverage the team in creating, building, and integrating quality, test-driven code. Collaborate with the Architects, Product Owners, and your peers in finding the best solutions to our most challenging business and technical problems, using todays and future technologies. Qualifications Experience with strictly typed languages and OOP. React, Node and GraphQL are our today’s day-to-day tools, but we are transforming our backend into a cloud native and scalable platform. Strong understanding of the SDLC, SOLID Principles, Data/Behavior/Test Drive Development, and a love of Clean Code. Proven application of software development patterns and best practices, including containers, microservices, event driven, and serverless. Working knowledge of diverse types of SQL and NoSQL databases. An asset if paired with TypeORM or other ORM experience. Familiarity with automated testing, JavaScript build and deployment systems such as Jest. Familiarity with a modern backend language like Go. Java experience is an asset. Experience with at least one cloud infrastructure such as Azure, AWS or similar. The ability to translate stakeholder needs into technical requirements. Excellent communication and critical thinking skills. Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering. LodgeLink, a Black Diamond Group Company, is a tech company headquartered in Calgary that delivers efficiency and cost control for complex workforce travel. We offer an end-to-end crew travel management solution, from accommodation to transportation. We are the fastest growing ecosystem of hotels and lodges in North America. Learn more: www.lodgelink.com LodgeLink is a caring company that applies innovative technology to transform workforce travel. We collaborate and share in a relentless pursuit to deliver superior customer experiences and help our customers get where they need to be. As a LodgeLink employee, you’ll join an agile, inventive, and dependable team with a bold vision to be the ecosystem for workforce travel. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer Black Diamond Group Limited is committed to diversity, equal opportunity and ensuring that our employees can thrive in an inclusive environment. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, family status, veteran status, Indigenous status, national origin, age, disability, or any other legally protected factors. Accommodation for applicants with disabilities is available upon request during the recruitment process. #INHP

Advanis, Posted 30+ days ago, Computer Science: Junior Programmer
 /// Location: Edmonton, Alberta Competition Number: WS_IP-17 Closing Date: Open until suitable candidates are found Successful businesses understand their customers and their competitors. As a market research consulting firm, Advanis helps its business clients to gain this understanding. We provide consultation services to some of the most successful and forward-thinking corporations in the world, as well as to all levels of government (from federal to municipal in Canada). To ensure that our market research team delivers reliable, timely, and actionable information to our business and government clients, Advanis develops and continuously improves its own suite of state-of-the-art marketing and analyses software tools. This in-house software expertise has proven to be a core competency of our organization. Advanis’ team of expert programmers pride themselves on using Test Driven Development (TDD) and follows the practices described by Robert Martin in his book entitled Clean Code. We are excited to have a full-time opening for the position of Junior Programmer. We are seeking candidates who are extremely intelligent, love to be fully focused on problem solving, are intrigued by wading into “uncharted waters” because they are confident in their ability to learn quickly, and who aspire to be highly revered amongst their professional programming peers. Such candidates should also possess the following technical qualifications: A university degree or a diploma in an applied field; Familiarity with the following: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Python, and SQL; Familiarity with database design; and Familiarity with Unix. Successful candidates will have a passion for computing science. Candidates who do not have a strong desire to improve their programming skills need not apply. Junior Programmers will receive internal training – frequent code reviews by Senior Programmers, iterative quality of code feedback and direction for improvement, problem-solving meeting participation, and self-directed or classroom courses as required. Successful candidates will enjoy a competitive remuneration package including a salary along with dental and extended health care coverage. Our work environment is fast-paced, challenging, and continuously learning-orientated. Interested applicants can select the “Apply Online” link for this position from https://www.advanis.net/careers We sincerely thank all applicants for their interest; however, only successful candidates will be contacted for an interview and a case study evaluation. Candidates with disabilities may request accommodation at anytime during the recruitment and hiring process.

Intelliwave Technologies, Posted 30+ days ago, Junior Software Test Developer
 /// Level: Junior Location: Canada > Edmonton Start Date: Immediate Overview: Intelliwave Technologies is a high-tech, fast-growth company headquartered in Edmonton. Our flagship product, SiteSense®, offers innovative solutions combining sensor hardware, software and services for tracking materials and managing material on large industrial construction projects. Intelliwave does business around the world with customers on every continent. Our flagship product, SiteSense®, is a web-based cloud system for asset tracking and material management. We are looking for a Software Tester who is passionate about making great software. The ideal candidate will be responsible for evaluating software functions, perform manual and automated testing on SiteSense® Web and Mobile Software as well as use designing to ensure that products work as intended. They will identify mistakes and their causes and report it to the team. Moreover, the Software Tester will design and develop test automation using the latest cloud technologies. A wide degree of creativity, leadership, and being an ultimate team player is expected. Responsibilities and Duties Have a working knowledge of Intelliwave’s software applications and hardware solutions. Follow software development processes using Atlassian tools (JIRA, Confluence). Develop automated tests for SiteSense® software. Perform requirements gathering, test plans design, test development and manual testing. Use testing tools to ensure software quality. Candidates must be able to thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative, open work environment. Qualifications and Skills Bachelor’s degree in a Computer Software related field. Passion for software development. Experience with programming languages (Javascript, HTML5, CSS, Bash, C#) Experience testing with databases. (MSSQL/MySQL, NoSQL/MongoDB). Experience using test tools and developing automated tests. Knowledge of wireless technologies (GPS, Bluetooth, RFID). Knowledge of cloud-based services (AWS). Team player as well as a self-starter who needs little supervision. Excellent communication, collaboration, analytical, and problem-solving skills. Benefits Flexible work schedule. Standard Benefits (includes: Medical, Dental, and Vision). Company paid RRSP contributions. Apply Today: Submit application to jobs@intelliwavetechnologies.com. Please include all contact information with your Resume. Do not include any additional contact information in the form below, outside of what the form asks for.

PCL Construction, Posted 14 days ago, Software Developer Student
 /// The future you want is within reach. At PCL, we build the places where life happens and find camaraderie in the process. We're a community of builders committed to building better communities. That's why we're always looking ahead, and not just to the next project or what's next in our industry. We're also looking at what's next for you and how we can help you build a career you're proud of. As a student at PCL, you will get the opportunity for challenging work assignments in a supportive work environment which promotes personal and professional growth. We are seeking a Software Developer Student, for our Canadian Industrial Fabrication Facility , located in Nisku, AB , that is available for 8, 12, or 16 months starting in September 2024 . Here's how a(n) Software Developer Student for our Edmonton Industrial Management office contributes to our team: Responsibilities Designing and developing in-house software systems (desktop and web) used by staff and construction crews. Optimizing and creating UX and UI to visualize big data. Capturing or inferring additional parameters necessary to achieve Machine Learning objectives. Integrating enterprise systems. Optimizing data access to enhance end-user experience. Developing software solutions to enhance data integrity. Optimizing workflows through script automation. Troubleshooting systems, and applications. Installing, configuring, and maintaining workstations and mobile devices as needed. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Passion and perseverance to learn about and apply various technologies which may include SQL, C#, .NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, and Angular. Familiarity with agile software development practices. Excellent communication skills. Excellent troubleshooting technical skills. Previous exposure to ERP environments is an asset. Working Requirements: Successful applicants must be able to provide their own CSA approved steel toed boots and be willing to take and pass a Pre-Access Alcohol & Drug Test. Public transportation is not available for this position so successful applicant must have their own vehicle or access to reliable transportation. Next Step: Please note that candidates who have been selected to move forward to the next stage of the recruitment process will receive an email to complete a short online video interview. PCL is an innovative, employee-owned company comprised of people who find passion in their profession and take pride in doing great work every day. Our work powers the infrastructure and utilities that are essential to daily life and our projects are the scene of vacations, careers, education and healing. We are consistently ranked among the best companies to work for because we are committed to supporting and developing our teams. The PCL Companies celebrate diversity and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to creating equitable opportunities and an inclusive environment for all employees and applicants. We make employment-related decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability or veteran status. PCL combines numerous pay and benefit strategies to provide a comprehensive and competitive total rewards package. Any salary range displayed by a job board is an estimate. Your salary, which considers your unique qualifications and experience, is just one component of the robust total rewards you'll enjoy at PCL. This may include an employee share purchase offering, discretionary annual performance bonus, comprehensive benefits and wellness programs, retirement plan plus matching, and career development programs. Should you require an accommodation during the application process, please contact us at careers@pcl.com with the position and location you are interested in. Together, we can build success and a better future. Let’s get started! Employee Status: Internship Full-Time Company: PCL Industrial Management Inc. Primary Location: Nisku, Alberta (Ind. Mgmt.) Job: Software Developer Student Requisition : 6323

AVI-SPL, Posted 30+ days ago, Programmer - Audio Visual (AV)
 /// Description: Job Summary Programming activities for integrated Audio Video Systems. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Read and interpret AV systems drawings Gather programming requirements Produce new modules and interfaces Control System programming design to meet requirements and system capabilities User Interface programming to meet requirements and system capabilities Install control programs and touch panel design onsite offsite and remotely in physical systems Mentor Jr. Programmers Perform commissioning and acceptance testing of code Test integrated systems and perform troubleshooting as needed Demonstrate completed system to client Create programming-related documentation Maintain and update programming and code in installed systems Maintain control code in version control repository Travel to various job sites required Other duties assigned as needed Skills and Abilities Proficient with test and calibration equipment Proficient in programming languages Proficient in uploading and downloading software in embedded systems Proficient in control system design (Crestron/AMX/Extron) Effective communication and interaction with employees clients and colleagues Ability to diagnose and test complex system problems Advanced computer skills for the design configuration optimization and operations of AV equipment Understanding of computer networking and troubleshooting a plus Valid Driver’s License and a clean Driver's Abstract that meets AVI-SPL driving standards Education and/or Experience High school diploma or equivalent Four year degree preferred CTS (Certified Technology Specialist) a plus CTI-P101 or AMX Control Programmer 1 training Two years’ experience as an AVI-SPL Jr. Programmer or three years similar experience outside of AVI-SPL Working Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This job operates in a professional office environment. This role uses standard office equipment such as computers phones photocopiers filing cabinets and fax machines. The work environment is generally moderate in noise (inter-office conversations and computers/printers).

Zigbee Technology Solutions Ltd.,  posted, Web developer
 /// Education: Bachelor's degree Experience: 1 year to less than 2 years Tasks Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Security and safety Criminal record check Work conditions and physical capabilities Work under pressure Tight deadlines Attention to detail Ability to work independently Personal suitability Dependability Efficient interpersonal skills Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Initiative Organized Team player Flexibility Innovation Work Term: Permanent Work Language: English Hours: 35 hours per week

In-Line Pigging Solutions Ltd., EmployerActive 3 days ago, Jr. Software Developer
 /// About Us Founded in 2003, In-Line Pigging Solutions Ltd. is a leading provider of pipeline integrity field services for pipeline operators throughout Canada and the USA. We provide pipeline inspection program management, pipeline surveys, tool tracking, inspector services, and pipeline repair products to oil and gas operators throughout North America. ILPS offers competitive compensation, a strong training program, opportunities for growth, and a positive work environment that promotes balance with personal commitments. We are currently seeking an eager self-starter looking to fill the permanent, full-time position of Junior Software Developer, based in Calgary, Alberta (option to work from our High River, Alberta office). Position Summary The Jr. Software Developer will be responsible for designing, coding, testing, and maintaining software applications that meet the needs of our clients and enhance our product offerings. The Software Developer will have a passion for technology, a strong understanding of software development principles, and the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment. Reporting: This position reports directly to the Technology Development Manager. Job Duties: Specific duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Develop high-quality software design and architecture. Write clean, scalable, and efficient code based on specifications. Test and deploy applications and systems. Troubleshoot, debug, and upgrade existing software. Work closely with the Technology Development Manager, the third party developer team, and other stakeholders to understand project requirements and deliver solutions. Document development processes, code changes, and technical specifications. Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies and industry trends. Continuously improve skills and methodologies to enhance productivity and innovation. Knowledge, Skill & Technical Requirements: The requirements of this position include, but are not limited to: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering, or a related field is required. Master’s degree in computer science or related field is an asset. Proven experience as a Software Developer, Software Engineer, or similar role. Proficiency in at least one programming language (e.g., Java, C#, Python, JavaScript). Experience with web development frameworks (e.g., React, Angular, Django). Knowledge of databases (e.g., SQL, NoSQL). Familiarity with version control systems (e.g., Git). Understanding of Agile methodologies and DevOps practices. Strong problem-solving and analytical skills. Excellent communication and teamwork abilities. Attention to detail and a proactive attitude. Hours & Working Conditions: Hours for this position are primarily Monday to Friday, 8:00 am to 5:00 pm in an office environment, but will be dictated by the specific project(s) you are working on. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Benefits: Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Schedule: 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Ability to commute/relocate: Calgary, AB T2C 4M9: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Experience: Software Development: 3 years (preferred) Work Location: Hybrid remote in Calgary, AB T2C 4M9

Alberta Motor Association, Posted 9 days ago, Developer I
 /// YOUR favourite PLACE TO BE IS ONE STEP ahead. TECH LIFE IS aflutter AT AMA Posted: 2024-07-15 Closing: Until Filled Location: Edmonton South (Hybrid) You’re a geek—and proud of it. You can’t help but dissect an app to figure out how it works and how it could be better for the end user. We could use a passionate techy like you! When you join AMA as a Mobile Developer, you’ll get to fuel that passion and creativity while being supported by a team that treats you like family. With so many diverse business lines, no other Alberta organization offers devs the learning opportunities that we do. You’ll dive right in, helping lead the development of our flagship AMA mobile app, which will require a Swiss Army knife of resources to help our members live their lives with confidence. We’re talking cross-platform UX innovation that challenges you to flex your skills, work with best-in-class technology, and show off what you can do—all within a positive work environment that champions your growth. So what are you waiting for? WHAT MOVES YOU You're visually oriented and have a keen eye for detail. It's a thing of beauty to watch you work. You’re a creative problem-solver who finds opportunity in every roadblock. You wish everything could be done on a smartphone—and are motivated to make it happen. You're always in-the-know on mobile design trends, tools and methods. You're a natural at developing simple solutions to complex tech problems, then explaining them to stakeholders. You tackle every project, no matter its size, with enthusiasm, curiosity and a head for innovation. You get what it means to be part of a team and thrive in a collaborative environment—whether open-office, remote or hybrid. For you, it’s about people before place. You work best in a culture of learning where you feel supported, motivated to grow, and are given ample opportunity to be a top performer. WHAT YOU’LL DO Report to the Agile Team Lead, Development. Using Flutter, develop a cross-platform mobile application that serves our members across diverse lines of business. Support the development and maintenance of future mobile apps and related projects. Develop back-end APIs that directly serve AMA’s mobile apps and CI/CD pipeline. Participate in Scrum sprint-planning, retrospective, and project effort estimation sessions within our Agile environment. Be responsible for code reviews. Write and maintain automated unit and integration tests to ensure delivery of a high-quality product. Provide expert insight to technical design, standards and best practices. Identify potential risks and issues while sharing ideas for enhancements and improvements to mobile applications. Work for a company that supports you in upgraded training, acquiring specialized skills, and pursuing in-demand certifications. In this family, we look after each other. WHAT YOU’VE DONE You’ve either studied in a technical program like web/mobile development or have equivalent on-the-job experience. You’re no stranger to cross-platform mobile app development; you’ve got experience and/or interest in using Flutter (preferred), and/or React Native. You have experience building mobile or web applications using Angular or React. You have a demonstrated history in backend development. You’ve used CI/CD pipelines to build and deploy apps. You’ll get bonus points if you have: iOS/Android app development experience. UX experience Knowledge of digital marketing concepts, strategies and best practices, including SEO, pay-per-click, email marketing and web analytics. WHAT YOU'LL GET Competitive salary. Flexible benefits. Outstanding employer-paid Retirement Savings Program. Great AMA discounts. Unlimited learning opportunities. Paid vacation and floater day. Paid opportunities to serve your community through purpose-driven AMA events. Work-from-home options. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. WORK MODEL: Hybrid-Light We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Canadian Tire Corporation, Ltd., EmployerActive 6 days ago, Staff Engineer, Development
 /// What you’ll do Our Lead Developer will join the POS & mobile team and be a key member in contributing evolve our suite of apps by adopting the latest technologies and capabilities. This individual has both a solid understanding of mobile technologies and develop backend services and APIs to support them. This individual is expected to: Write code using best practices that aligns with the overall architecture, is reusable and responsive in order to produce high quality applications Work closely and collaborate effectively with other developers, product owners and designers Mentor and lead fellow developers Lead technology change within Canadian Tire Participate in Agile ceremonies, openly communicate using various tools and leverage delivery tools to share updates and documentation (Jira, Confluence etc.) Has the ability to work in a fast paced, growing and dynamic environment What you bring Minimum 10 years of experience as a developer Proven track record of mentoring and leading fellow developers 5+ years working experience designing and building mobile and web applications Fundamental understanding of Java design concepts and design patterns Strong understanding of development using the Spring Framework Strong understanding of design and development in UI technologies ex. Angular Flutter React Native Android Strong understanding of Git Solid knowledge of at least one SQL programming environment ex. SQL Server Oracle MariaDB or MySQL 10 Proficient understanding of Linux operating systems and development environments Strong understanding of security, encryption, and compression best practices Experience developing and deploying to at least one cloud platform AWS Azure Google Cloud Kubernetes/Docker Experience with DevOps environments and tools ex. Bamboo, Jenkins, Ansible We are looking for individuals who are: Creative and courageous, with the ability to manage in an environment of change and ambiguity to help us take bold, strategic moves in this rapidly evolving retail environment Action oriented, and comfortable taking calculated risks to better serve our customers and business Outcome focused, critical thinkers with the ability to analyze and visualize, to ensure continuous improvement across our entire business Collaborative team players with superior influencing skills, who build relationships easily across various stakeholder groups to move initiatives forward If you’re curious, ready to take on new challenges and open to doing things differently to help us evolve rapidly, then this is definitely the place to be. We value flexibility. We have adopted a hybrid work model whereby employees use a combination of working in office and virtually in service of outcomes. Each leader is empowered to decide what work is best achieved in person based on the unique needs of their team. About Us Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited (“CTC”) is one of Canada’s most admired and trusted companies. With more than 90 Owned Brands, 1,700 retail locations, financial services, exemplary e-commerce capabilities, and exciting market-leading merchandising strategies. We dream big and work as one to innovate with purpose for our customers at every level of our business, investing in new technologies and products, and doubling down on top talent to drive the company forward. We offer competitive salaries and wages to CTC employees, as well as store discounts, supported learning through our Triangle Learning Academy, Canadian Tire Profit Sharing, and retirement and savings programs for eligible employees. As part of our enhanced flex benefits program, we offer mental health benefits in the amount of $5,000 per year for benefits-eligible employees and their families, including total well-being, and mental health tools and resources for all employees. Join us in helping to make life in Canada better through living and working our Core Values: we are innovators and entrepreneurs at our core, outcomes drive us, inclusion is a must, we are stronger together and we take personal responsibility. It is an especially exciting time to join CTC and its family of companies where career opportunities are wide-ranging! Join us, where there's a place for you here. Our Commitment to Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging We are committed to fostering an environment where belonging thrives, and diversity, inclusion and equity are infused into everything we do. We believe in building an organizational culture where people are consistently treated with dignity while respecting individual religion, nationality, gender, race, age, perceived ability, spoken language, sexual orientation, and identification. We are united in our purpose of being here to help make life in Canada better. Accommodations We stand firm in our Core Value that inclusion is a must. We welcome and encourage candidates from equity-seeking groups such as people who identify as racialized, Indigenous, 2SLGBTQIA+, women, people with disabilities, and beyond. Should you require any accommodation in applying for this role, or throughout the interview process, please make them known when contacted and we will work with you to help meet your needs. Job Type: Full-time Benefits: Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work Location: In person

City of Calgary, Posted 12 days ago, Customer Service & Communications Web & Digital Developer
 /// If you are committed to public service, enjoy collaborating with others, share our values and have a desire to learn and grow, join The City of Calgary. City employees deliver the services, run the programs and operate the facilities which make a difference in our community. We support work-life balance, promote physical and psychological safety, and offer competitive wages, pensions, and benefits. Together we make Calgary a great place to make a living, a great place to make a life. The City is committed to fostering a respectful, inclusive and equitable workplace which is representative of the community we serve. We welcome those who have demonstrated a commitment to upholding the values of equity, diversity, inclusion, anti-racism and reconciliation. Applications are encouraged from members of groups that are historically disadvantaged and underrepresented. Accommodations are available during the hiring process, upon request. To support the modernization of City service delivery, the Web & Digital team has several new opportunities available, and we'd love to have you join our team as a Web and Digital Developer. This is an exciting time as we continue to improve digital information and service delivery, as well as update the platforms for both myCity and Calgary.ca. This will ensure the continuity and evolution of the web services we provide and help us achieve 'faster and better' service for our organization and to Calgarians. As a Web and Digital Developer, you will provide technical and front-end expertise to design, develop, test and sustain advanced digital products and services to satisfy the needs of City of Calgary Business Unit clients and citizen users. This position is the specialist in digital development and works with a wide range of digital products and services. Primary duties will include: Deliver on software/web-application development tasks using CQ5/Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) Content Management System (CMS) platform. Develop and implement responsive, modern, and accessible web components and interaction patterns for the Calgary.ca and myCity websites and the City's Pattern Library/Design System. Optimize new and legacy code to ensure optimal speed and performance and reduce technical debt. Setup and configure tests to validate work (automated, accessibility, code quality, JS/CSS conflicts). Exploration toward identified future technology requirements to efficiently leverage existing technology investments. Create technical documentation to ensure sustainability. Support digital development requirements for new business unit client requests. Manage demanding timelines and competing priorities when working with multi-disciplinary teams or business clients on web and digital related projects. Provide advice and guidance to other Digital Developers and User Experience Architects. Participate in implementing digital strategies. Qualifications A High school diploma or equivalency (e.g., GED), plus related courses (for example: Certificate in Front-End Web Development) with at least 5 years of experience OR; A completed 2 year diploma in Communications, Marketing, Web Development or New Media Production and at least 1 year of experience. Previous experience as a software/web-application developer specific to CQ5/AEM is preferred. Previous experience in software development and developing for a variety of web-based applications, products, platforms and device types is also considered an asset. Strong knowledge and demonstrated experience with: Browser rendering behavior, performance, and cross-browser compatibility issues. Modern web technologies (object-oriented JavaScript, HTML, CSS) and HTML5 and CSS3. Accessibility experience (WCAG 2.0+). Code versioning tools (for example: Git, Bitbucket). Success in this position requires a strong attention to detail and highly developed organizational and time management skills, including the ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines. Demonstrate innovative and problem-solving skills, strong analytical skills to brainstorm digital options, and apply soft skills to work both independently and in a team environment. Pre-employment Requirements Successful applicants must provide proof of qualifications. Union: CUPE Local 38 Business Unit: Customer Service & Communications Position Type: 4 Temporary (up to 18 months) Location: 201 8 Avenue SE Compensation: Pay Grade 9 $37.79 - 50.55 per hour Days of Work: This position typically works a 5 day work week, with 1 day off in each 3 week cycle. Hours of work: Standard 35 hour work week Audience: Internal/External Apply By: July 26, 2024 Job ID #: 310213

Freson Market Ltd/Freson Bros., Posted 30+ days ago, Software Developer
 /// Freson Bros., an Alberta-owned and operated fresh food retail chain, is looking for a Software Developer to join our team based in the Operations Office in Stony Plain, Alberta. Qualifications: Strong interpersonal, organizational and project management skills Experience with advanced programming constructs such as multi-threaded programming, messaging systems and distributed systems Background using C# and .NET framework Writing and working with Web APIs VueJS/Vuetify UX design SQL Server / T-SQL Working knowledge of Power BI Bachelor's degree in computer science or related degree 1-3 years of demonstrable experience Knowledge of the software development life-cycle The desire to work in a fast-paced environment Ability to develop unit testing of code components or complete applications Must be a full-stack developer and understand concepts of software engineering Experience working on a variety of software development projects Deep programming language knowledge The Role & Responsibilities: Develop, test, maintain and support software: Create new applications to support the business Maintain and upgrade existing custom software applications Create integrations between software products Effectively diagnose and resolve software issues Create and maintain application documentation Update developer documentation Work with analysts to create end-user documentation Create patch and release notes Develop clear, understandable and documented code Participate in the evaluation, recommendation and selection of development tools and software Stay current with technology trends Participate in all aspects of the system development life cycle (SDLC) with the development team Collaborate with end users and analysts to create dynamic software Reports to the IT Director Most importantly, the willingness and enthusiasm for continuous learning and development. Position Details: Position Type: Full-Time Work Environment: In-Office, Stony Plain Salary Range: $ 60,000 - 70,000 per annum If you’re the Software Developer we are looking for, we invite you to submit your resume with a cover letter about what piqued your interest in this role at Freson Bros. Freson Bros. Perks: Group Benefits plan available for all Full-Time Team Members Team Member Discount Program Team Member Discounted Lunch Program Endless professional development and training opportunities Company endorsed continued Education Programs About Freson Bros.: Founded in 1955, Freson Bros. is an Alberta-based fresh food retailer. Host to 16 locations across Alberta and employing over 1100 Team Members. Freson Bros. is committed to providing Albertans with high-quality, hand-made and local food products at a great value. The crafts of Bakers, Butchers, Chefs and Sausage Makers are championed here. Freson Bros. is home to those who believe really great food (and people) really matter. For more information about what we believe in at Freson Bros. and our foundational values, visit our website at: https://www.freson.com/careers/ If you’re the individual we are looking for, we invite you to submit your resume with a cover letter about what piqued your interest in this role. #EX

Silvacom, EmployerActive 3 days ago, Web Application Developer
 /// We are looking for a Web Application Developer for our SaaS platform, Silvacom FMS™ (www.silvacomfms.com) – the most comprehensive cloud-based forest management software in the world. Working closely with our team of developers, support staff, and product managers, you will provide guidance in the application’s design, scalability and client support to help grow and scale Silvacom FMS. Position Type & Location This full-time, hybrid position can be based out of our Edmonton or Calgary office. Who we are Silvacom FMS (www.silvacomfms.com) is an Esri-based geospatial software solution that offers sophisticated, powerful and easy-to-use workflows. Created in 2003, Silvacom FMS is an integrated system of geospatial cloud-based forest management applications that empower forestry companies to plan harvesting activities, track operations, manage silviculture, generate georeferenced maps and much, much more. Silvacom FMS is a SaaS product of Silvacom (www.silvacom.com), an award-winning company and one of Canada’s Top Small & Medium Employers and Alberta’s Top 75 Employers. At Silvacom, Corporate Social Responsibility is a part of our company fabric. Just like the Silvacom FMS product, our FMS team is growing, and we are looking for creative, high-performing people to join us, solve problems and shape the best product and customer experience in the forest management software space. We like to work-hard, play-hard and enjoy fantastic company events like: Video Game Night Bacon Breakfast Family Picnic Awards Night Public Skating Escape Room events Pizza Day K-100 Relay Race Halloween Party Chili Cook Off Christmas Gift Exchange We also offer: Medical/vision/dental benefits Flexible Spending Account (FSA) Company sponsored RRSP plan Fresh snacks and Starbucks coffee What you will do? Be part of a team in a fast-paced work environment, focusing on full-stack development using the latest technologies. Bring a positive attitude, participate on a team focused on delivering advanced, customer-focused applications. Perform peer code review with an eye towards automated quality assurance and control Plan, build, and grow web applications which meet the needs of clients Work independently and with other developers, designers, project managers, and other stakeholders. Develop product improvements with a focus on market fit. Create well formatted code in line with internal development practices. Be an active participant in backlog review sessions and other scrum and planning meetings while sharing best practices with colleagues. Perform and monitor quality assurance tests in collaboration with the Product Team. Participate in after-hours activities during platform emergencies or maintenance. The Ideal Candidate: Has the ability to develop, test and debug customized software for web applications, using modern technologies such as Angular, Java, Python, PL/SQL, Hibernate, Spring framework, Jasper Reports, ESRI (restAPI, ArcGIS server) etc. Is proficient with oracle databases and relational database design Takes initiative to troubleshoot customer service requests and resolve problems either individually, or as part of a team, in a timely and helpful fashion Has high attention to detail and commitment to quality Applies innovation and creativity when approaching challenges Develops strategies to ensure production levels and quality standards are met Takes an active interest in the company and welcomes being challenged professionally Experience with ticket management systems (e.g., Jira, Freshworks) Will be comfortable collaborating with customers and teammates using a variety of communication techniques: email, phone, web meetings (Teams, Zoom, etc.) Required Experience: Bachelor’s degree or diploma, preferably in Computer Science or Information Technology, GIS or equivalent experience and training 2-5 years’ software or GIS development experience required Proficient user of MS Office applications Seem like a good fit? Please apply via Indeed.com with your resume and cover letter in PDF file format and answer all screening questions. If applying, please view our privacy policy (Silvacom.com/privacy-policy). We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. No phone calls please. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Benefits: Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Schedule: Monday to Friday Supplemental pay types: Bonus pay Application question(s): Are you applying through an employee referral? Who referred you? If you are successful in the competition, when will you able to start? What is your target salary range? Do you have a post secondary degree or diploma in technical discipline preferably computer science, IT, GIS or software development? Experience: web application development: 2 years (required) Ticket management systems: 1 year (preferred) relational database design: 1 year (preferred) Work Location: Hybrid remote in Calgary, AB

Purple Maple Inc.,  posted, computer programmer
 /// Education: Bachelor's degree Experience: 1 year to less than 2 years Tasks Write, modify, integrate and test software code Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Work Term: Permanent Work Language: English Hours: 37.5 hours per week

G2i Inc., Posted 6 days ago, Software Engineer for AI Training Data (Swift)
 /// Accepted Locations We are accepting applicants from the US, Canada, and most countries in LATAM and Europe. We are accepting some countries in Africa and Asia. For the full list of accepted locations click here. This work is 100% remote. Loom Video Our Founder/CEO, Gabe Greenberg, created a more in depth Loom video that we highly recommend you watch! Check it out here: https://www.loom.com/share/5a8972c7fbbf46aaa3f389b2b6391c40 Job Overview We are currently seeking Swift Developers for project-specific roles focused on RLHF. This role will play a key part in our reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF) initiatives, contributing to cutting-edge projects. You’ll join an expert annotation team to create training data for for the worlds most advanced AI models. No previous AI experience is necessary. You'll get your foot in the door with one of the biggest players in the AI/LLM space today. We are seeking software engineers with 4+ years of experience to train AI large language models, helping cutting-edge generative AI models write better code. Projects typically include discrete, highly variable problems that involve engaging with these models as they learn to code. We currently have 200+ roles open! What Will I Be Doing? Evaluating the quality of AI-generated code, including human-readable summaries of your rationale Solve coding problems, writing functional and efficient code Writing robust test cases to confirm code works efficiently and effectively We asked the technical project manager to go into even more detail and this is how he answered: It is solving coding challenges, creating instructions to help others, reviewing the code before it goes into the model, and there's a ton of variety in the projects. We have everything from "which piece of Python code is better?" to "make a full mobile application using this chatbot, and improve the chatbot's responses afterwards to make it faster" Contract Length This project is expected to last until the end of September and you'll be able to continue to work on other projects (though likely not in Swift) You can end the contract at any time. Flexible Schedules Developers can set their own hours - ideal candidates will be interested in spending 15+ hours a week. They will be with teams, so strong performers will adapt to the urgency of projects and stay engaged, but incredibly flexible on working hours. Take a 3 hour lunch, no problem. You are paid according to time spent on the platform , which is calculated in the coding exercises, as opposed to tracking your own hours. Compensation US : $50 /hr Brazil: $28.70/hr Egypt: $22.05/hr Phillipines: $25.55/hr All other countries: $35/hr Expectations are 15+ hours per week however there is no upper limit. We have engineers working 20-40 hrs per week and some that are working 40+ hours per week. You can work as much as you want to. You'll get paid on a weekly basis. You get paid per hour of work done on the platform. Interview Process We've created a 3.5 hour screening and onboarding process to join as a Software Engineer for AI Training Data which can be accomplished in 1 week or less. We purposely perform most of these steps asynchronously because most of the RLHF work is async and self guided. After you apply, if you look like a good fit we'll provide you access to the G2i dashboard to go through this simple screening process. Step 1: Learn in depth about the role (35 min) Step 2: Perform a simple RLHF code review (35 min) Step 3: Receive platform credentials, pass ID verification (5 min), and join an optional live onboarding with our team (60 min) Step 4: Perform a production level RLHF task (75 min) "aka the final interview" Join us: Based on your final interview, you'll will put you on the right difficulty RLHF project

Meazure Learning, Posted 13 days ago, Jr. DevOps Engineer
 /// At Meazure Learning, we aim to empower open-minded, inquisitive, and driven people, and we love how each new addition to the team adds to our culture. Here, you can positively impact the careers of millions of test-takers and reshape the education technology landscape by working toward one vision: “To provide life-long learners across the globe the freedom to pursue their academic dreams and career aspirations safely, securely, and conveniently.” Our Vision starts with our values—Hungry, Humble and Smart. We are looking for team members who model drive for results. Team members who think of the organization and team first without ego or agenda. Leaders who instinctively collaborate and operate with emotional intelligence. This is the foundation of success for all employees at Meazure Learning. The Role: The Junior DevOps Engineer will create, deploy, monitor, scale and secure infrastructure and applications using automation tools like Terraform, Ansible, and Helm. This role will work with other engineers to evolve the company’s current cloud and infrastructure using Terraform and Kubernetes. This role is key to maintaining system up time, improve system reliability, and making developers more efficient through CI/CD practices such as automation, effective monitoring, and infrastructure-as-code The Responsibilities: Create and Improve Infrastructure and Systems via Infrastructure as Code (IaC) methodologies and tools such as Terraform, Ansible, and Helm on AWS and Kubernetes Monitor, troubleshoot and debug infrastructure, network, operating system, and system performance issues in real time on production systems using ELK, Prometheus, Telegraf and Grafana Build and Maintain Automation scripts for maintenance tasks and tools using scripting languages (Python, Ruby, Bash) and Jenkins Perform regular system and application upgrades using Terraform, Helm, and Ansible Ensure availability, performance, scalability, and security of deployed infrastructure Desired Attributes: A minimum of 2 years of experience with system administration on Linux/Unix machines Ability to critically think and provide solutions to problems you have not encountered before A strong desire to learn and grow in knowledge and experience. Ability to work effectively with distributed teams using collaboration tools and without face-to-face communication Experience in at least one scripting language (i.e. Bash, Ruby, Python, etc.) Experience working with automation tooling (Terraform, Ansible, etc.) Experience with containers and management (Docker, Compose, ECS, EKS, Kubernetes, Helm) Experience with CI/CD tools (Jenkins, Argo) Understanding of Git and administration of GitHub repositories Understanding of Cloud Networking Technologies and concepts (AWS ELB, VPC, subnetting, VPN, etc.) Familiarity with using monitoring tools (Grafana, Prometheus, InfluxDB, and Telegraf) The Benefits: Competitive Salary Exceptional Benefits: 401(k) plan with company matching & immediate vesting schedule (100% of the 1st 3% and 50% of the next 2%) BCBS Health, Dental, & Vision Insurance with generous employer funding for employees and dependents Generous flexible time off approach Professional development Remote and hybrid first organization Great working environment with a team of exceptional people Learn more at www.meazurelearning.com Meazure Learning is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: Meazure Learning is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Meazure Learning are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Meazure Learning will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics.

